README.md, before:

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
Basic professional website for a classical ballet studio.

HOST:
http://aaf2017.github.io/anna-fateeva.balletstudio.github.io

GITHUB source code link:
https://github.com/aaf2017/anna-fateeva.balletstudio.github.io

USER STORIES:

USER A
As a user, who is searching for a place to take classical ballet classes, I want to be able to clearly understand what kind of ballet teaching technique is used and what type of classes are offered, so I can decide if this place is a good fit for me.

USER B

USER C

CREDITS and ATTRIBUTES: 

NAVBAR COLOR CHANGE ON SCROLL 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46636344/navbar-to-change-colour-on-scroll-bootstrap-4;

TEXT DIVIDER SVG
Ornament vector created by freepik - www.freepik.com

POINTE SHOES SVG


SLIDER is INSPIRED by The Mute Dev  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Z780EOzIQs

IMAGES
Founders-image-block 
img1 <a href="https://www.freepik.com/photos/background">Background photo created by master1305 - www.freepik.com</a>
img2 <a href="https://www.freepik.com/photos/background">Background photo created by master1305 - www.freepik.com</a>

Commit message:

user stories, send btn in contact form centered, media queries added

README.md, after:

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
Basic professional website for a classical ballet studio.

HOST:
http://aaf2017.github.io/anna-fateeva.balletstudio.github.io

GITHUB source code link:
https://github.com/aaf2017/anna-fateeva.balletstudio.github.io

USER STORIES:

USER A
As a user, who is searching for a place to take classical ballet classes, I want to be able to clearly understand what kind of ballet teaching technique is used and what type of classes are offered, so I can decide if this place is a good fit for me.

USER B
As a user, I want to be able to read about the owners/founders/teachers of the studio, so I can imagine the level of the offered lessons.

USER C
As a user, I want to see images of the studio estetiques and enviroment, as well as students and teachers, so I can have a feeling of care, determination, and an emotional microclimate.

CREDITS and ATTRIBUTES: 

NAVBAR COLOR CHANGE ON SCROLL 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46636344/navbar-to-change-colour-on-scroll-bootstrap-4;

TEXT DIVIDER SVG
Ornament vector created by freepik - www.freepik.com


SLIDER is INSPIRED by The Mute Dev  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Z780EOzIQs

IMAGES
Founders-image-block 
img1 <a href="https://www.freepik.com/photos/background">Background photo created by master1305 - www.freepik.com</a>
img2 <a href="https://www.freepik.com/photos/background">Background photo created by master1305 - www.freepik.com</a>
